reorganize and update documentation (#125)
JuliaImages/juliaimages.github.io: docs/src/pkgs/index.md

# [Packages under JuliaImages](@id page_packages_index)

!!! tip

>     It's recommended to gone through the tutorials before you dive into the package documentation to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Most users should probably start with the tutorials before diving into the documentation for individual packages.
```

>     a basic understanding of the JuliaImages ecosystem. Otherwise, you might find yourself lost in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Much of JuliaImages' functionality comes from composing very basic operations that are not always available in other environments,
```

>     details and get frustrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and the tutorials will make this workflow clearer.
```

> 🚧 This section consists of documentations of packages that are closely related to JuliaImages ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 This section documents the individual components that form the JuliaImages ecosystem.
```

> Most of them are also maintained by members of JuliaImages. They're ordered alphabetically so you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ones marked with a `*` are available via `using Images`, but you can also use packages individually. Below, they're grouped into broad categories, then ordered alphabetically so you can
```
I wondered if explaining the star at the top would be more helpful than at the bottom, but I can go either way, your choice.

Reviewer: These provide links to the packages themselves, which seems useful, but should we say something about aggregating the documentation here?

    image binarization algorithms.
  * [ImageContrastAdjustment.jl](https://juliaimages.org/ImageContrastAdjustment.jl/stable/)\* supports
    image contrast enhancement and manipulation.
  * [ImageMorphology.jl](https://github.com/JuliaImages/ImageMorphology.jl)\* provides several
    morphological operations for image processing.
  * [ImageFiltering.jl](https://juliaimages.org/ImageFiltering.jl/stable/)\* supports basic filtering operations.
  * [ImageFeatures.jl](https://github.com/JuliaImages/ImageFeatures.jl) is a package for identifying
    and characterizing "keypoints" (salient features) in images.
  * [ImageQualityIndexes.jl](https://github.com/JuliaImages/ImageQualityIndexes.jl)\* provides several
    image quality assessment indexes, e.g., PSNR and SSIM.
  * [ImageTransformations.jl](https://github.com/JuliaImages/ImageTransformations.jl)\* provides functions
    related to geometric transformations.
  * [ImageSegmentation.jl](https://github.com/JuliaImages/ImageSegmentation.jl) provides several image
    segmentation algorithms.

Items marked with \* means that they are reexported by `Images.jl` via

> [Reexport.jl](https://github.com/simonster/Reexport.jl) so that you can import all of them with only `using Images`.

Reviewer: If you decide to move this above it doesn't need to be repeated here.

!!! tip
    For package developers, `Images.jl` is usually a large dependency to be included in the `deps` section of
    your `Project.toml`. Hence it is reccomended to add only `ImageCore` together with the exact sub-packages
    you need. You can use `@which` to find out the exact package and file a method/function belongs to.

JuliaImages is not a closed ecosystem; it works nicely with many other packages outside of JuliaImages.
The following is an incomplete list of third-party packages that are widely used together with `Images.jl`:

* [Augmentor.jl](https://github.com/Evizero/Augmentor.jl) provides several basic image augmentation
  operations for image-related machine learning tasks.

> * [Flux.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl) is a featured deep learning toolbox in Julia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Flux.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl) is a deep learning toolbox in Julia.
```
I'm not sure how to draw the boundary between "featured" and non-featured.
